feat: guide to configure custom vllm version (#529)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: docs/guides/use-custom-vllm.md

> # Experimenting with Custom vLLM

Author: ```suggestion
# Experiment with Custom vLLM
```

This guide describes how to use a custom vllm version while making use of a pre-compiled vllm wheel to avoid
having to recompile the c++ source.

## Setup

First, you need to clone and build vllm. Here is an example using a custom fork:

```sh
# Usage: bash tools/build-custom-vllm.sh <GIT_URL> <GIT_BRANCH> <VLLM_PRECOMILED_WHEEL_COMMIT>
bash tools/build-custom-vllm.sh https://github.com/terrykong/vllm.git terryk/demo-custom-vllm a3319f4f04fbea7defe883e516df727711e516cd
```

> Then you need to make the following edits to [pyproject.toml](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/main/pyproject.toml) so the `vllm` dependency uses the local clone as opposed to pypi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit your [pyproject.toml](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/main/pyproject.toml) so that the  `vLLM`  dependency points to your local clone instead of PyPI.
```

> Change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Change the vLLM dependency:**
```

```toml
[project.optional-dependencies]
vllm = [
    #"vllm==0.9.0",  # <-- BEFORE
    "vllm",          # <-- AFTER
]

# ...<OMITTED>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Add a local source entry:**
```

[tool.uv.sources]
# ...<OMITTED>
vllm = { path = "3rdparty/vllm", editable = true }  # <-- ADD AN ENTRY

# ...<OMITTED>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update build isolation packages:**
```

Author: same comment about toml
```suggestion
# Update build isolation packages:
```

[tool.uv]
no-build-isolation-package = ["transformer-engine-torch", "transformer-engine"]          # <-- BEFORE
no-build-isolation-package = ["transformer-engine-torch", "transformer-engine", "vllm"]  # <-- AFTER
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Re-Lock and Install Dependencies
```

> Then re-lock the environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install any missing build dependencies and re-lock your environment:
```
